Hello TripleDot Studio !
Here are my thoughts on the test I just completed.

I started thinking about managing organization on Tuesday at 9 PM. 
I used my evening to create folders and plan how to do it.

In total, I spent a day and a half on it, approximately 14 hours to complete the project. 
My favorite part was writing code to connect visuals and effects.

Here is how I broke down my process:

For each task, I first checked the template in Photoshop. 
Then, I extracted all the resources I used to create it in Unity. 
If necessary, I made some adjustments (for example, for the pressed buttons). 
After that, I imported everything into Unity, organized the resources into folders, 
and adjusted the texture resolution to optimize the game.

For Task 1, the main challenge was configuring my layout properly, 
as a mistake could lead to needing to redo my work multiple times. 
To achieve a truly responsive design, I decided to create the blur shader directly from this point. 
I reused and modified a shader from one of my previous projects. 
This shader helped me to make a second blurred background layer, primarily designed for tablets.

Starting Task 2 without the blur shader was a great decision because it was something I was most apprehensive about.
Task 2 primarily involved creating a reusable layout for a future menu, dividing it into slots, 
and ensuring everything was easily understandable. 
Since I didn't have the blur shader to work on, I decided to use Figma to create an animation for the switch buttons (https://www.figma.com/design/z8gMbPHZF9neQWEefVeK09/Thomas-Fourie---Tech-Artist?node-id=95-30&t=FeBEOoAoLr24yGDm-1). I find this to be an effective way to produce quick animations. 

Additionally, I linked all my text to my Prefabs to make them localization-friendly. 
I also created a French version, which I have deactivated for your use.

I started Task 3, which was really fun to create. 
I hadn't had much opportunity to work with particles and effects in my previous project, 
so I found it quite enjoyable!

I decided to link the gold and stars earned to the main menu to update the player stats after finishing each level, 
which adds a bit of context for the player when they exit this window.

Finally, I made some enhancements to make everything stand out more, 
including adding extra animations and adjusting the existing ones. 
To wrap up, I reviewed everything once again to ensure that all the names and structures were clear and organized.

I had a great time creating this, 
and I hope it meets your expectations. 

Looking forward to your response. 
Thank you for reading, 
Thomas Fourie.